docs(faq): explain how to find version number of hosted app (#28704)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/faq.md

This means the Mend Renovate App can lag a few hours to a week behind the open source version.
Major releases of Renovate are held back until the maintainers are reasonably certain it works for most users.

## How can I see which version the Mend Renovate app is using?

Follow these steps to see which version the Mend Renovate app is on:

1. Go to the [Mend Developer Portal](https://developer.mend.io/)
1. Sign in to the Renovate app with your GitHub or Bitbucket account

> 1. Select the app you would like to log in with: Forking Renovate or Renovate

Author: ```suggestion
1. Select the app you would like to see .....: Forking Renovate or Renovate
```

The sign in step happens _before_ the "Select the app" screen, so I'm dropping the `would like to log in with:` part.

I need help with the wording of the improved instruction:

- Select the app you would like to _see the management screen_ for: Forking Renovate or Renovate
- Select the app you would like to _see the logs_ for: Forking Renovate or Renovate
- Something else

**Maintainers**: tell me what you like best. :wink:

Reviewer: Signin happens after the selection actually

Author: Oh okay. I'll keep what we have now. :smile:

> 1. Select the app you would like to log in with: Forking Renovate or Renovate

Author: > There may be a potentially confusing selection for "Select the App", either `RENOVATE` or `FORKING RENOVATE`. Should the FAQ clarify this in this particular question? Or even have this particular dialog be clearer in its own description of "Select the app you'd like to log in with" (a separate PR on a whole separate repo I'm sure)? Really, it could probably be left alone, since in context, "forking renovate" probably doesn't "feel" like the right choice for most users.

Changing the text on the Mend website is something that I can't do. I'll let `@rarkins` nudge the Mend team, if needed.

That screen should:

- Explain/link to the Renovate docs how to see if you're in Forking Mode or the default mode.
- Put the Renovate app on top, Forking Renovate below that. Most users will use the "default" Renovate app.

Reviewer: 99% of users use Renovate, not Forking Renovate

Author: `@rarkins` I'm sorry, but I don't understand what you want me to _do_ in response to your comment.

Do you mean:

1. Mend should move the buttons around so that "Sign in with Renovate" is the top option, and "Forking Renovate" the bottom option.
2. @HonkingGoose should change the text so it only mentions Renovate, as most users will use that?
3. @HonkingGoose should keep the text we have now for this line.
4. Some combination, or something else. :smile:

Reviewer: 5. Drop this last point altogether

1. Select your organization
1. Select a installed repository
1. Select a job from the _Recent jobs_ overview
1. Select the _Info_ Log Level from the dropdown menu
1. You should see something like this:

   ```
   INFO: Repository started
   {
     "renovateVersion": "37.326.0"
   }
   ```

> 

Author: > Also, a possibly quicker alternative would be to select through to the logs via any existing Renovate-authored PR in the desired repo. The link is at the end like, `This PR has been generated by Mend Renovate. View repository job log here.` But maybe that's not particularly worth mentioning due to its indirectness, even if quicker.

I think we can mention it as a tip, but keep the instructions "starting from zero". The link in Renovate's PRs is more of a shortcut thing. :smile: 

```suggestion
<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! tip
    The PRs that Renovate creates have a link to the "repository job log" in the footer of the PR body text.

```

This means the Mend Renovate App can lag a few hours to a week behind the open source version.
Major releases of Renovate are held back until the maintainers are reasonably certain it works for most users.

## How can I see which version the Mend Renovate app is using?

Follow these steps to see which version the Mend Renovate app is on:

1. Go to the [Mend Developer Portal](https://developer.mend.io/)
1. Sign in to the Renovate app with your GitHub or Bitbucket account

> 1. Select the app you would like to log in with: Forking Renovate or Renovate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
